Stop words wording (#203)
meilisearch/documentation: references/stop_words.md

# Stop-words

> Stop-words is a list of words that will be ignored in search queries. So if you add `the` as a stop word and you make a search on `the mask` you will only have matching documents with `mask`.

Reviewer: Weird, even if for you it's clear, it's weird to read.
The reader does not know about our convention.
`Stop-words list is` or `Stop-words are`.

Author: ```suggestion
The stop-words route lets you add a list of words that will be ignored in search queries. So if you add `the` as a stop word and you make a search on `the mask` you will only have matching documents with `mask`.
```
